[DOC] Improve topic replication factor change procedure (#9332)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/proc-changing-topic-replicas.adoc

my-topic  Partition: 0  Leader: 0  Replicas: 0,1,2 Isr: 0,1,2
my-topic  Partition: 1  Leader: 2  Replicas: 1,2,3 Isr: 1,2,3
my-topic  Partition: 2  Leader: 3  Replicas: 2,3,4 Isr: 2,3,4
----

> . Finally, patch the `KafkaTopic` custom resource to match the new replication factor, and let the operator do the rest
> [source,shell,subs=+quotes]
> ----
> kubectl patch kt my-topic --type merge -p '
>   spec:
>     replicas: 3'
> ----

Reviewer: I would just write it in a generic way:

```suggestion
. Finally, update the `KafkaTopic` resource to match the new replication factor (in `.spec.replicas`).
```

Many users use various tooling and cannot do a patch command like this.

my-topic  Partition: 0  Leader: 0  Replicas: 0,1,2 Isr: 0,1,2
my-topic  Partition: 1  Leader: 2  Replicas: 1,2,3 Isr: 1,2,3
my-topic  Partition: 2  Leader: 3  Replicas: 2,3,4 Isr: 2,3,4
----

> . Finally, edit the `KafkaTopic` custom resource, change `.spec.replicas` to 3, and wait the reconciliation.
> [source,shell,subs=+quotes]
> ----
> apiVersion: kafka.strimzi.io/v1beta2
> kind: KafkaTopic
> metadata:
>   name: my-topic
>   labels:
>     strimzi.io/cluster: my-cluster
> spec:
>   partitions: 3
>   replicas: 3
> ----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Finally, edit the `KafkaTopic` custom resource to change `.spec.replicas` to 3, and then wait the reconciliation.
+
[source,shell,subs=+quotes]
----
apiVersion: kafka.strimzi.io/v1beta2
kind: KafkaTopic
metadata:
  name: my-topic
  labels:
    strimzi.io/cluster: my-cluster
spec:
  partitions: 3
  replicas: 3
----
```

Reviewer 2: It needs that + on line 136 to bring the example config inline with the step.

Author: Thanks Paul.
